[Coop] Diamonds have no
inherent value. We know this.
And yet. the Van Cleef &
Arpels Snowflake choker
retails for roughly the
same price as a Rolls-Royce.
Why are diamonds so pricey?
It's the result of the most
successful cartel in modern history
telling the Sherman
Act to go fuck itself.
and an 80-year-old
marketing campaign
that linked compressed
carbon to eternal love.
They say a diamond is forever.
But as recent events have borne out.
forever isn't what it used to be.
[birds chirping]
[dishes clattering]
What are you doing here?
- We live here.
- Coming for breakfast. Coop?
Uh. you don't live here.
Neither do you.
[phone buzzing]
Ah. the negotiator.
[Christian] Pass the syrup.
- The syrup.
Go fuck yourself.
[groans]
You really ought to
get better at sharing.
Get outta here.
Relax. Coop. We're all family.
I'll fucking kill you.
You can't kill me. Coop.
Because you're already dead.
[groans. sniffles]
[sighs]
Hey. Look who's up.
Hi. Daddy.
Hey. kiddo.
How you feeling?
Pretty good. actually.
That's because the doctors
gave you all that morphine.
- Hon.
- What? I saw. It was too much.
Can we get you anything?
Water. please. That'd be great.
[water running]
The doc came by to see you.
- but we didn't wanna wake you.
- Thanks. buddy.
How long was I out?
[Mel] Twelve hours.
Jesus. I should get my
ass kicked more often.
They were out of
Doritos. but I got...
Oh. snap. Hey. Mr. Cooper.
I thought you dumped him.
Dad.
- He's still pretty out of it. so...
- Yeah.
- I feel great.
- [Jake] It's all good.
Hello. Um...
Bad time?
Can I help you?
I'm sorry. I'm
Detective Rebecca Lin.
I was hoping to get a minute
or two with Mr. Cooper.
Another tennis injury?
Not quite.
Do you know her?
She interviewed me about Paul.
What about him?
I have a few questions
about last night.
Uh. if you're up for it.
- Or I can come back later?
- [sighs]
Um. Uh. so. guys. why don't you
take your grandparents to lunch?
Oh. Millie's doesn't
open until noon.
Then we will be the
first ones there.
Come on. everybody. Let's go.
Um. I usually prefer to
do these interviews alone.
Oh. Um...
I'll go see Barney.
How's he doing?
I'll let you know.
Beautiful family you got there.
You're too kind. What
can I do for you?
Why don't you tell
me about last night?
I don't remember much.
Well. what do you remember?
I remember getting jumped.
It's a weird one though. no?
I don't have a whole hell of
a lot to compare it to. so...
Well. for starters. the
assailants didn't take anything.
Which is a little unusual.
Uh. okay.
Maybe Barney getting hit by the car
might have thrown a wrench into things?
So you do remember something after all.
And I will be talking to Mr. Choi later.
To be honest with
you. Mr. Cooper.
this attack doesn't feel
random to me at all.
It feels like you were targeted.
Why would anyone
wanna target me?
kill Paul Levitt?
I don't see the connection.
You know. I used to
be a cop in the Bronx.
Violent crimes were
a dime a dozen.
But not here. This is a...
[chuckles] ...a very quiet town.
We don't see a lot of
violent crimes here at all.
And in the past few days. a man
was brutally murdered in his home.
- A man who you recently fought with.
- It wasn't a fight.
And then you were attacked and beaten
with gusto. right there on Main Street.
with no apparent motive.
And your friend Barney is down the
hall picking pavement out of his teeth.
Again. I fail to see
the connection here.
It's you. Mr. Cooper.
You're the connection.
It seems to me that being your
friend is a dangerous proposition.
Does that mean we're
not gonna be friends?
[chuckles]
I heard you left your
job a month back.
A fairly common occurrence.
You just said you left your job as a
cop in the Bronx. Why'd you do that?
- Quality of life.
- Hey. Same thing.
Except you were fired.
Semantics.
Where were you coming
back from last night?
Jersey. Took our
oldest to see colleges.
Look... [sighs] ...I'm just
gonna cut to it right here.
I don't know you very well.
The sense I get from you is
you're a man on a downward spiral.
In desperate need of a lifeline.
Now. I'm here right now
offering you that lifeline.
Whatever it is you got yourself
into... [sighs] ...I can help.
The thing is...
at some point you're
gonna cross a line
and I'm not gonna be
able to help you anymore.
And when that time comes. all I'll
be able to do is take you down.
Well. that is food for thought.
Thanks for coming by. Detective.
Thank you for your time.
[Coop sighs]
That go okay?
Yeah. I mean. you know. pro forma
stuff. Just filling in blanks.
How's Barney?
He's banged up.
but he'll recover.
Listen. can we talk about
what happened last night? I...
- I-I wanna...
- Maybe not right now.
Yeah. Okay.
I'm gonna go.
Um. they're almost
ready to discharge you.
I can come back and get you.
No. come on. Just... I can have
Ali do it. You be with the kids.
[sighs]
Hey. Melly.
Guess we really should've just kept on
driving in the opposite direction. huh?
Get some rest.
[sighs]
[theme song playing]
- ...different. I get to try something.
- That's good.
- I'm sorry. I gotta... [mutters]
- Okay.
[sighs]
Why do you smell nice?
I'm trying something
new. You hate it?
Nah. I didn't say
that. What did we get?
[Hernandez] Lab reports.
The murder weapon was a .38.
Same gun. all three shots.
Hmm. And the wife's
gun was a .22?
Yep. And she was telling the truth.
her piece has never been fired.
But what is it?
- It was a Taurus TX22.
- No. no. no. no. no.
The scent. It's musky.
Balsam Breeze. It's made from
real balsam oil. And cedar.
[Lin] Huh. Okay. What else?
And citrus notes. I think.
Oh. Yes.
The gunshot residue report showed
that the victim also fired a weapon.
But there were no additional
bullets or casings on the scene.
So he either hit
something. or someone fled.
Or... [blows]
- We're missing something.
- Yep.
I have the office reaching
out to the local hospitals
to see if any gunshot
victims have been admitted.
[Lin] Murderers don't usually
check themselves into the ER.
[Hernandez] You like
Cooper for this?
I don't know if I like him for this.
but I... I like him for something.
[inhales deeply] You smell
like a Christmas tree.
[Chivo chuckles]
[in Spanish] So they go to
every Best Buy in the city.
And they buy
external hard drives.
Then they swap them out with
older models that look new
and they return them.
Then they repackage and sell the
new ones on the web. full markup.
So this story ends with your buddy
Miggy buying his momma a new house?
No. of course not.
They traced the serial
numbers to his cards...
- [chuckles]
- ...and busted him.
And you were surprised?
He stayed too long.
The odds got him.
- His stupidity got him. [scoffs]
- [door opens]
- [footsteps approaching]
- [Elena chuckles]
Shit. Damn it.
Hell yeah. still
hot and everything.
Sup. E?
No.
What?
Relax. I'm playing.
You do look good though.
What do you want. Félix?
Nothing. I'm good.
Just gotta grab my money
from our little billy goat.
and I'm all set.
What's he talking about?
You don't know?
Damn.
I did a couple runs. That's it.
- Well. that would be it.
- [sighs]
Except your boy
fumbled the drop.
Fucking cops were after me.
[laughs]
This motherfucker
hears one siren.
gets so spooked. he tosses
the whole fucking stash.
Tossed it where?
That's the best part.
Tell her.
The East River.
[chuckles]
[in English] Fucking Shamu's
gotta be high as shit somewhere.
[in Spanish] Thing is.
that leaves you light.
Okay. how much?
You want to tell
her. or should I?
$150.000.
What an idiot.
Actually. 175.
And next week
it'll be 200 or so.
That interest is a bitch.
Look. I'm pretty fucking sure
that number is too high for you.
But I can't let that
shit go unanswered.
Can I?
- Can I?
- [Elena] Okay.
It's not a problem.
I'll handle it.
- You'll handle it?
- Yes. that's right.
Last I heard. you were scrubbing
toilets out in God's country.
How the fuck can you
get that kind of money?
That's not your concern.
You know I always
liked you. Elena.
You were the real
deal back home.
Mm-hmm.
And since we go back. I'll
knock off the interest.
[Elena] Hmm.
[in English] You get me
the principal by. uh...
by next week.
and I'll. uh. let our billy goat
here live to fight another day.
[in Spanish] How the
fuck are these so good?
You know they make. like.
ten billion of these a day?
Economies of scale and shit.
That's what's up.
All right.
Be seeing you. billy goat.
And Elena.
if you want to start
making some real paper
you know I always
got a place for you.
- Mmm.
- [chuckles]
Uh-huh?
Fuck off. Félix.
[laughs]
[in English] Fucking pussy.
[in Spanish] $150.000?
What were you thinking?
The fuck is wrong with you?
So what?
You ran drops for Giselle
and Raf for years.
That was back in Santiago.
damn it. Here we have options.
Bullshit.
Maybe you do.
[chattering]
[speaking indistinctly.
in English]
[Grace] This hospital
food is no good.
- Did you make this?
- Course not.
Hey. Andy.
Hey. [sighs] Thanks for coming.
Are you kidding me?
I never get to drive anymore.
And I forgot how fun it is.
- [sighs] Do you even have a license?
- Of course.
I mean. technically
it's expired. but yes.
Do you wanna drive home?
No. No.
Just try to keep it
on the road. will ya?
[grunts. sighs]
- So that detective...
- Lin. yeah.
Mm-hmm. Yeah. Um. she
came by the house.
- Oh. did she?
- Yeah.
I told her you came home
the night Paul Levitt died.
I said you were with me.
Okay.
Listen. you know I had nothing
to do with Paul's death. right?
Course. I know
you're not a killer.
And even if you are.
you're all I got.
[Coop] Stop-Stop sign.
[grunts]
- Hiya.
- Hey.
Oh. my God. You weren't kidding.
I know. I know.
The amount of paperwork it takes
to put one man into the ground.
it's just mind-boggling.
Well. put me to work.
Okay. well...
- Can I get you something to drink?
- Hi. I'll just. uh...
I'll just have
what she's having.
You know what? Just...
Just take all of this.
- Oh.
- Yeah.
I didn't know you have to
apply for a death certificate.
Yeah. It's a mess.
I mean. I guess it's all a good
distraction for grieving widows.
but honestly. I'm not
sure I'm grieving.
That's fair. How long do
you have to stay here?
The cops aren't
done at the house.
Hey.
How are you holding up?
[scoffs] I just... I...
I can't really get
my arms around it.
I mean. everyone knows that Paul
and I were not on great terms.
And now I have to host his memorial?
What are people going to say to me?
"I know you hated his fucking
guts. but here's a casserole"?
- [laughs]
- You know. I fucking hate casseroles.
Duly noted. No casseroles.
- Thank you.
- Welcome.
Do you think there's such a
thing as widow impostor syndrome?
Oh. yeah. I think there's
everything impostor syndrome.
- I mean. a part of me is sad. of course.
- Of course.
But. you know... [scoffs]
...whenever I think about
being pitied by everyone.
it makes me want to
walk in front of a bus.
I mean. he can't even die without
putting me through one last indignity.
I mean. hats off to you.
Paul. Hell of a power move.
But... Sorry. I don't mean to unload
on you. I... I know 'cause I heard...
- Are you kidding?
- No. I heard about Coop.
- Don't be ridiculous.
- No. how's he doing?
He's a little beat
up. but he'll live.
God. Who would wanna hurt Coop?
Besides me?
[chuckles] Wait. what did he do?
- I'm kidding.
- Oh.
I'm actually worried about him. I feel
like he's going through something.
It's not your job to fix that.
I know.
but you live with a person long
enough. you develop a private language.
And just 'cause you're
not married anymore.
it's not like you wake up and
suddenly forget how to speak it.
We were just in Princeton doing
the college tour with Tori
and. you know. it
was like. um...
Little time capsule. "SSA-721."
Well... I-I-I don't understand.
The funeral director... Shouldn't
the funeral director do this?
Yeah. That goes into that pile.
That's called other people's shit.
[laughs] Oops.
Oh. God. Look. Uh. right here.
Petition for probate. In legalese.
that means we need more wine.
Yeah. I'm an expert now.
Excuse me?
[police radio chatter]
[sighs]
Pfft. Fifty bucks says no one
knows how to play that thing.
Did you do something
different with your hair?
I have a thing later.
Well. it's good that
you nixed the scent.
I knew you hated it. [sighs]
Yeah. I did.
[Hernandez] How'd it go with
the. uh. girlfriend? Misty?
[sighs] Nothing seismic. A bit
of a stereotypical second wife.
Seemed pretty broken
up over the deceased.
Although. she's probably mourning the new
Range Rover she'll never get to drive.
What about you?
You got any hits?
Forensics found trace
blood in the ammonia.
Not a match for Paul.
Huh. Looks like our guy
must've put up a fight.
And the hospitals?
No gunshot wounds.
But still. someone else
bled on our crime scene.
And then cleaned it up.
I honestly don't understand
why anyone has kids.
Come on. You never
thought about it?
No.
I want a whole bunch of kids.
[scoffs] Well. first. let's find
you a woman you can stay with
for more than two months.
That's not fair.
Sometimes they dump me.
What is that?
I believe they
call that a plush.
[chuckles] It's a nanny cam.
What do you think
you'll find on that?
Probably nothing. but
it's worth a look.
[grunts]
[Elena. in Spanish]
Hello. Héctor.
Oh! Sweet Jesus!
What the hell are
you doing here?
You weren't answering my calls.
You have no idea the shit
that I've been dealing with.
Ever since that murder.
I'm getting nonstop calls
to upgrade alarm systems.
All in Westmont Village.
Sounds like business is good.
Mija. did something happen?
Like what?
They said it was a
break-in that went south.
I've never gone near that house.
Obviously. I've never killed
anybody. That's insane. Héctor!
Hmm.
What about George Clooney?
Of course not.
Coop didn't do it either.
How do you know?
Because I know him.
Are you fucking him?
Jesus Christ! Please.
Mmm. Mm-hmm. All I know
is that I can't sleep
thinking about what you're
doing with that gringo.
I stare at the ceiling. wondering
when you'll fuck up and get caught.
You don't have to
worry about me.
It's not you I'm worried about.
I don't know how I let you
talk me into any of this shit.
We're not criminals. Elena.
Look. I get that you're scared.
But I promise. I got this.
No. I'm out.
And if I were you.
I'd get out now too.
Chivo owes Félix $150.000.
[sighs] Shit.
And you fucking knew.
Hmm?
I heard Chivo was hanging around
those dudes again. That's it.
You didn't think you
should give me a heads up?
You're doing good. I didn't
want him to bring you down.
Which I could have prevented
if you told me about it.
So it's my fault?
Go home. Elena.
[footsteps departing]
[Lin. in English]
So. Ms. Levitt.
I thought you might wanna
revise your statement.
We're gonna need to take a closer
look at that Coop character.
Yep.
God. these people.
You think she knows more
than she's letting on?
[car starts]
Okay.
[groans]
Hey.
[grunts]
[groans]
[sighs]
[pills rattle]
- Hey. great show.
- Thanks.
[Bruce] Can I give you a ride?
[chuckles]
Yes.
- How's the gig?
- It's all right.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
[laughs]
- Bingo.
- [vehicle approaching]
- [Ali] Yeah.
- [Ali and Bruce laugh]
First of all. it was
Westlake. Not Byram Hills.
- How do you remember all this?
- How do you not?
I remember being grounded.
Oh. well. don't look at me. I
didn't tell you to get caught.
There was grass and mud
all up in my mom's tires.
[Ali] Well. we're lucky
your mom didn't snitch.
[chuckles] She always thought
I was a bad influence.
I hate that she turned
out to be right.
Hey. she wasn't right.
What you went through. what
you're going through...
[indie pop song
playing on radio]
...it's not your fault.
It's nice of you to say.
And hey. if it weren't for you.
I would not have had
any fun in high school.
I was a boring.
football-playing mathlete.
And you...
you were fearless.
I was unmedicated.
I admired you.
I still do.
Is that why you're coming
to my shows? To admire me?
[chuckles] I love
seeing you up there.
You look like yourself again.
What does that look like?
Like someone who always does
the thing I want to. but can't.
[song continues]
[sighs]
[Bruce chuckles]
[inhales sharply]
Oh. fuck.
[pants]
[Hernandez] Oh. fuck.
Shit. Goddamn it.
Huh?
Yeah. Most expensive thing
they had in the gift shop.
It was either this or a
balloon bouquet. so...
[chuckles]
Can I get you anything?
Who were those guys?
I have no idea.
Fuck you.
Barney. come on. Believe me. I don't
know who those fucking guys were.
The thing is. Coop.
I don't believe you.
Something's been going
on with you. man.
I don't know what it is
or why you won't tell me.
But I've been trying to help
you. and all you do is lie to me.
- Hey. look. Barn. it's not like that.
- You handed me a brick of cash.
- Barney. come on...
- Don't bullshit me!
[Barney sighs]
I'm just trying to protect you.
Well. nice work.
You should go.
- What're you talking about?
- I'd really appreciate it if you left.
Good morning. Dad. Hernandez.
- Morning.
- Did you know Ryan had a date last night?
Oh. yeah. The hair gel.
How was it?
- He didn't make it.
- It's all right. Art.
[Lin] Sometimes we
gotta work late. Dad.
Can we get to work. please?
Mm-hmm.
[Art] Hey.
I made eggs. Sit.
He made eggs.
[sighs]
So.
anything usable from that
little dumpster dive?
[Hernandez] Yes. actually.
I found the blood sample.
Andrew Cooper's blood matched the trace
in the ammonia at the crime scene.
- Say that again.
- Lab just called me. It was a match.
And we're sitting here
talking about your date?
We gotta go. This is huge.
I didn't actually
go on the date.
[Lin] Hernandez. come on.
[violin tuning]
[cork pops]
[quartet starts playing]
[footsteps approaching]
Mrs. Levitt?
The guests are
starting to arrive.
[Diane gasps] Hi.
sweetheart. I'm so sorry.
I'm so terribly sorry.
We're here for you.
[quartet continues playing]
- [Suzanne] Oh. honey.
- I'm okay.
Just write something nice.
- Hey.
- Oh. Thank God you're here.
We're so sorry. Sam.
- Thanks. Nick.
- How you doing?
[sighs] I haven't
started drinking yet.
Oh. so you-you're
running behind?
Paul's mom came up from Florida.
Uh. either she's gone senile
or he never told her
we were divorcing.
- Either way. it's incredibly awkward.
- Yikes.
Yeah.
Well. at least I'm handling
it better than some people.
[sobs] Oh. thank you. [sniffles]
- You are so kind.
- [Samantha] Yeah.
I guess I can't blame Misty.
I mean. it's a target-rich
environment with a built-in spotlight.
Why not shop for the next man while
the dirt's still settling on your last?
You gotta admire the efficiency.
[chuckles]
You know what. I think I'm
ready to start drinking.
Say no more.
Yeah. We gotcha.
Hey.
[knocking on door]
["Hang On Me" playing]
[Ali pants]
[laughs]
Good fit.
No. no. no.
Leave them on.
[panting]
It was a beautiful service.
Thanks.
How you doing?
I'm doing great. Coop.
You need anything?
Babe.
Let me know when you're
ready for the hard stuff.
- Okay.
- Coop.
Can I grab you later?
We should talk.
- Great.
- [Samantha] Thank you so much for coming.
- [knocking on door]
- [Ali] I'm coming.
- [knocking continues]
- Oh. my God. I'm coming!
Miss Cooper.
- Detective.
- Is Mr. Cooper home?
No. he's not.
We got a warrant to
search the premises.
Um. I'm not wearing any pants.
I see that.
- And you are?
- I'm just a friend.
[Lin] Sure.
- Yeah.
- [Lin] Is there anyone else in the house?
- No.
- Okay. then.
Let's go.
[Gordy] I'm not going
unless I can bring friends.
Take the whole suite. We're doing
August in the Hamptons anyway.
I can't believe you've never
been to Yankee Stadium.
I'm a Met fan.
I'm sorry.
Oh. that's not nice.
- Fellas.
- Coop.
- Hey.
- Oh. man.
[chuckles]
How... How're you feeling?
Uh. sore all over.
Yeah. shit. [chuckles]
I-I know this spot in the
city. Cryotherapy. Incredible.
I'll send you the link.
What is that? Like ice baths?
No. it's actually way better. I
started doing it back in Hokkaido.
The Japanese know
what's up. [chuckles]
What did these douchebags
look like anyway?
They looked like two guys
beating the shit out of me.
[Gordy] You know. for
the money we pay in taxes
you'd think the cops would
be more on top of this.
First Paul. now this.
Property values are
gonna get shaky.
[scoffs] I know. Diane's been
refreshing Zillow every hour.
It's her new thing.
Anyone hear how Barney's doing?
- You see him. Coop?
- Yeah. he's hanging in there.
[Brad] Well. considering
what happened.
Samantha may not wanna live
in that big house anymore.
[Gordy] Oh. you really think she'll
sell? That's a nice fucking house. dude.
[Brad] I don't know. but murder homes
trade for 25% below market. Maybe less.
- Jesus Christ.
- [Gordy] No shit.
I mean. he put in that whole rec room
in the basement right before they split.
I think I'd feel weird about
living in a murder house.
[Gordy] For 25% below
market. you'd get over it.
[Nick] Hmm.
- [Lin] McNeal. Russo.
- [officer 1] Yes. ma'am.
[Lin] Upstairs with me.
We'll start in the bedroom.
- [officer 1] Roger that.
- [officer 2] We got it.
[sniffles]
Here.
God. you must hate me.
I mean. I would hate me too.
[blows]
He told me things were over between
you two. And I just... [blows]
I really loved him. you know?
Yeah.
I thought we were gonna spend the rest
of our lives together. And now he's...
Yeah. that's hard.
How's Henry? Can I see him?
Samantha. they're almost
out of profiteroles.
Paul would have wanted his
guests to have dessert.
Yeah. Thanks. Pamela.
I'll let them know.
Pamela! It is so good
to finally meet you.
Oh. I loved your son so much.
He'd be so happy to know
that we're finally meeting.
I'm sorry. dear.
Who are you?
Pamela. this is Misty.
the woman your son was
fucking before he passed.
[Hernandez] Boss. where are you?
Basement.
You're gonna wanna see this.
Detective Lin.
[Lin] What?
Well. shit.
Yep.
- Hey. Coop.
- Hey.
Walk with me?
Okay.
- So that detective called me.
- Yeah?
She doesn't think
it was a mugging.
Yeah. I know.
Who was the guy
in the car. Coop?
- [sighs] I have no idea.
- [chuckling] Okay.
Whatever is happening
with you right now
seems like a really bad
time to shut me out.
Thanks. but I don't need
you worrying about me.
- Your kids...
- Our kids.
...just watched their father
get the shit beaten out of him.
That's not trauma they're gonna
recover from anytime soon.
Okay. well. what about me?
Hmm? What about my trauma?
- Yes. tell me.
- Right?
Tell me. What is happening?
I'm trying to be here for you.
but you gotta give me something.
Mel...
- [stammers]
- [phone buzzing]
[Mel] Okay.
- I have to take this.
- Yep.
God.
Hey. Ali. You know. this
is not a great time.
[sighs] I didn't know what
to do. They just came in.
Who did? What-What are you
talking about? Slow down.
The cops. And they... They had a warrant
and... Fuck. I didn't know what to do.
What? What about the cops?
Andy.
They're coming.
[Maggie] Do you
guys know Fisher?
Something looks
different about him.
I did his chin.
- Ah.
- Oh.
- Nice.
Hey. uh. Kat. can I talk
to you for a second?
Heard about what happened.
Doing okay. Coop?
Yeah. I'll be fine.
- They did a real number on you. huh?
- Sure did. Yeah.
Kat. uh. quick second?
Sure. What's up?
Not here.
[stammers. sighs]
[Coop chuckles]
- What is it?
- Uh...
I need a lawyer.
I'm a suspect in Paul's murder.
How's that?
- [stammers]
- [Coop] It's complicated.
- Uh. I do this for a living. Coop.
- Yeah. [stammers]
I was sleeping with Sam.
- Oh.
- And I got into
a fairly public disagreement with
Paul a few days prior to his death.
Oh. Nick's party. Dom
mentioned something about that.
So you have to be my lawyer.
I'm innocent if it
makes any difference.
- Coop. I can't take your case.
- Of course you can.
No. no. seriously.
Sam and I are friends.
Well. aren't we friends?
- Of course. but...
- Well. then take the goddamn case.
I will help you. of course.
But it can't be me. Okay.
call my office tomorrow.
I-I'll connect you with Rob
Barrow. a colleague of mine.
No. it has to be you.
- Coop...
- It... [stammers]
You're the best there is.
- You have to take this case.
- As a friend of Sam's.
it's a potential
conflict of interest.
Okay. Kat...
I don't think I'm being clear.
When I say you have to take this case.
it's not me asking. I'm telling you.
- You're going to take my case...
- [chuckles]
...because if you don't.
I will tell Dom that you are
fucking your daughter's boyfriend.
And I don't think that's gonna sit
very well with Alyssa either. will it?
What are you doing. Coop?
What I have to.
Also I won't be able to
pay your retainer up front.
but you can bill me for
it when this is all over.
Fuck you.
I'm gonna take that as a yes.
Hey. Let me get some of
that. uh. scotch there.
Beautiful.
- [mutters]
- [bartender] Cheers.
["Change" playing]
[sighs] Andrew Cooper.
you're under arrest for
the murder of Paul Levitt.
[handcuffs clicking]
[officer] Turn to your right.
[inaudible]
[Coop] It might seem ironic after
breaking into houses every week
for the past couple months
that I'd get pinched for
a crime I didn't commit.
But lately I'd had
this sinking feeling.
- [phone buzzes]
- It's how I imagine
those Lehman
fuckers felt in 2008
or how Bankman-Fried
felt 15 years later.
hiding out in the Bahamas
while he waited for someone
to notice the eight-billion-dollar
hole he had punched in the economy.
Kat Resnick. I'll be
representing Mr. Cooper.
[song continues]
[grunts]
[Kat] What you have here is a
glut of circumstantial evidence.
To say nothing of the fact that
you served a warrant to a woman
who suffers from a mental illness and
was thus not competent to receive it.
She's not on the lease to the
house. She doesn't even pay rent.
We'll have this case thrown
out before the weekend.
[Lin] We found this
in Mr. Cooper's car.
- That's not mine.
- Don't say another word.
[song continues]
[Coop] I knew tomorrow I'd be
thinking about the kids. about Mel.
and about the possibility
of 25 to life.
But the worst thing that could've
possibly happened had finally happened.
And spending the night in that
cell was the first honest thing
I could remember
doing in a while.
Or maybe I was just exhausted from
the effort of it all. I don't know.
Either way. that night was the
first night in a long time...
[song ends]
[Coop] ...I managed
to get some sleep.